---
layout: default
title: Bitbar Testing User Manual
---

Bitbar Testing provides a practical, reliable, and easy-to-access
platform for mobile app testing using real devices and enabling
various test automation frameworks, manual testing capabilities and
API access for specific testing needs.
 
This section provides an overview of what views are available in
Bitbar Testing for the end user and how to use them for creating new
test projects and reviewing test results.

All Bitbar Testing products use the same terminology when it comes to
testing, assets, test types, runs, projects and so on:

**Project** - This is a project workspace that contains test runs,
descriptions of project, device groups where tests are executed and
all results and test assets. Projects enable you to organize your test
automation test runs with clear and concise manner. Projects are also
dependent on OS platform (e.g. Project can be either Android or iOS
project). There are no limitations on how many projects you can create
for your test automation.

**Test Run** - A test run includes your application (as APK or IPA)
and the test package (as APK, ZIP, JAR or some other format). Each
test run can be set to be executed on certain devices. Devices can be
selected when launching a test via test run creation wizard or API.

**Device Group** - Devices where your app and tests will be executed
can be created and configured in Device Group view. This wizard-like
view allows you to create specific set of devices that can be quickly
selected for your test runs. A device group can include either Android
or iOS devices (currently there is no possibility to run
cross-platform tests with one test runs).
